game.js
Tasks - 
add check boxes for a trigger has already been done this turn
new turn button to wipe the check boxes immediatly instead of indivually.

filter out instants and sorceries (nonpermanents?) or leave that to the user?
similar questions for lands - they have some etb and some abilities that cost mana, should they be added? Perhaps in section3?

Classes are leveled enchantments, provide a way to track level?
Aren't there leveled creatures?
Leyline of Anticipation - does that count as a trigger?

Check for Triggers
If find any triggers, put them in corresponding area

cards like abnormal endurance add a temperary trigger for 1 turn. How do I handle that? (probably similar to Equipment)

Possiblities - 

Thoughts for Search function
should we iterate through deck first and make sure it is a unique card?
A unique non legendary? A token of a legend could be made, so I lean niether.
Also, add ability to copy a card while it's on battlefield.
Differerntiate between token and nontoken?

Rules text has odd things like {2} representing 2 colorless mana or {w} representing 1 white mana.
I can convert that into something more readable
Planeswalkers have the oddest rules text, but those aren't triggered abilities, so do I care?

add to if else statement when checking status of search. if 404, tell user to check spelling and uniqueness and try again
if anything else, tell user unknown errror

Add a checkbox for triggers to tell if they've been done this turn

landfall triggers sometimes have landfall in the text. This could be removed to save space. There are probably more example of where text can be trimmed 

Equipment - add their text to the creature instead, and remove it when the creature gets removed

KNOWN ISSUES

some cards have multiple triggers in the same line due to them having the same effect. The program currently only puts that text in the first area.
possible solution - I check for triggers using a big if else statement. switching to several if statements would fix this issue, but would cause a need for refinement in catching creature dmg triggers, and slow the program down
example card - Armory Automaton

Sagas rules are being added to draw step - their rule should land on that div or any other
possible solution - if saga includes type, skip. Before implementing see if there are any sagas this would break for

Avalanch of Sector 7 - Whenever an opponent activates an ability of an artifact they control, Avalanche of Sector 7 deals 1 damage to that player.
should go under the anytime, 

Professor Hojo - Whenever one or more creatures you control become the target of an activated ability, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.

Zack Fair's etb does not get added text - Zack Fair enters with a +1/+1 counter on it.
solution is - add a check for "cardName enters" but this particular etb is not really helpful for players to have ready, 
check for cards with similar text to see if solution is worth implementing

Hero's Blade - Whenever a legendary creature you control enters, you may attach this Equipment to it.
currently caught as an etb trigger. Is this proper?

Large comment in game.js CheckForTriggers function, with issues and thoughts

SOLDIER Military Program -  text 
"At the beginning of combat on your turn, choose one. If you control a commander, you may choose both instead.\n• Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.\n• Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two Soldiers you control."
the trigger is caught, but options are not defined. The player can just look at the card, but other cards certainly have options as well.
